Hey Luna
Why are you still here?
Didn't Fei Ge arrange a high-end apartment for you?
Superior Apartment
So be it.
Maybe Brother Fei and Sister Hong are too busy.
It's too late to arrange for you.
You will have it tomorrow.
Do you want none of those things?
I don't need any of that.
If you want to use it this night, you will use it
Why are you looking at me like that?
Nothing.
You look pretty when you dress up like that.
That's nothing compared to you
Are you still going to run away
You still think you have a long life, don't you?
Once you have a handrail, you have personal freedom immediately
It will be the same to escape or not to escape
Thank you for saving me.
All sisters
I should help you.
What's more, after I go back
I'm still waiting for you to be my news material
You doubt him too
If you guessed correctly, he has already turned against the water